content/recent-work/bwh-burn-app.md, before:

+++
Categories = []
Description = ""
Keywords = []
Tags = []
date = "2016-12-29T22:29:53-04:00"
title = "BWH Burn App"
spotlight_img = "img/bwh/bwh-burn-app-spotlight.png"
hero_img = "img/capa/placeholder-test.png"
brand_color = "#2589C5"
client = "BWH"
year = "2016"
project_type = "Mobile & Web App for Burn Trauma Doctors"
role = "UX Strategy, Prototyping, UI Design"
designed_for = "iOS, Android and Respnsive Web"

+++

## Overview

CAPA is Boston-based study abroad network with offices in 6 international cities. CAPA’s website caters to a wide range of users, providing trip details for prospective students, pre-departure and international living information for prospective students and their parents, as well as sales support tools for study abroad offices at colleges. CAPA approached our team with the goal of streamlining and harmonizing their web platform, which was a patchwork of multiple microsites and portals aimed at these distinct user groups.

## Strategy

We interviewed CAPA stakeholders to understand the goals of their microsite, and analyzed the website to understand where it fell short of those goals. CAPA’s website is intended to be a resource for its users, and it housed a huge amount of information. However, on the user end, the site was difficult to navigate: not optimized for mobile, and confusing with its flat content architecture. On the admin end, the site was very hard to update, with its diverse templates and information portals.

Based on our observations, I campaigned for a total content re-map as a first step. I brainstormed new maps that bucketed content into broad themes of user-specific information. This laid the foundation for a more coherent design process.

We utilized InvisionApp to build our site prototypes and demo them to the CAPA team. After receiving immediate approval, we wrapped up final high-fidelity mockups and built out pattern library for new microsite templates.

- Meeting with all CAPA microsite stakeholders to understand needs and current limitations
- Re-map content and sitemap to become a single portal for new content
- Devise a development strategy
- Prototype designs and present to stakeholders
- Create high fidelity mockups and style guide
- Develop
- QA test and launch

![alt](/img/capa/capa-tablet.jpg)

## Results

Within a short period of time, CAPA's new microsite system launched on our new WordPress build. The new platform now hosts over 80 separate microsites' content in one CMS, greatly streamlining content management and brand cohesiveness. The success of this project also opened the door to an opportunity for a main site redesign, currently in development at ADK.

Commit message:

adding case study conten content

content/recent-work/bwh-burn-app.md, after:

+++
Categories = []
Description = ""
Keywords = []
Tags = []
date = "2016-12-29T22:29:53-04:00"
title = "BWH Burn App"
spotlight_img = "img/bwh/bwh-burn-app-spotlight.png"
hero_img = "img/bwh/bwh-banner.png"
brand_color = "#2589C5"
client = "BWH"
year = "2016"
project_type = "Mobile & Web App for Burn Trauma Doctors"
role = "UX Strategy, Prototyping, UI Design"
designed_for = "iOS, Android and Responsive Web"
site_url = "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/brigham-womens-hospital-burn/id1133241071?ls=1&mt=8"

+++

### Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH), world-renowned for their innovative burn care, approached the ADK Group to develop a first-of-its-kind Burn Care App. With this app, BWH aimed to help regional doctors triage and communicate with the expert surgeons at BWH’s Trauma and Burn Center. My role in creating this app was to deliver a full UX and interface design for both the native app and web app experiences.


We kicked off this project by meeting with BWH’s technical lead, who presented the overall concept for the app and wireframes of its key screens. Starting the design sprint, I sketched rough wireframes of the ideal user flow for the app. Using a combination of Balsamiq and InvisionApp, I then fleshed out the wireframes into a complete user flow -  from registration prompts all the way to the page functionality. We presented this back to BWH’s team, who approved the user-flow and greenlit the interface design phase.

![alt](/img/bwh/bwh-sketch.png)

**As time was of the essence for this project, I decided to build an interface off of [Facebook’s iOS and Android’s GUI library](http://facebook.design/ios10) rather than design a totally unique app interface.** By utilizing existing pattern libraries and best practices in native app design, I opened up time for iterative testing and a comprehensive user-flow, and app reviews with the BWH doctors who would be using and referencing the app. In further brainstorming with doctors and client, we were able to discover a better way to deliver burn resource information both when a user is signed out and when they're creating a page. The quick, comprehensive design and clear user-flow of the mobile app also allowed us to rapidly design and develop a desktop version.

![alt](/img/bwh/bwh-resources.png)

Overall, the app build was a smashing success, which paved the way for additional projects with Brigham and Women’s Hospital. We are currently working to build a library of related apps for medical surveys and research.
